Add Nova Utils (#89)
substrate-developer-hub/awesome-substrate: README.md

- [Hydra](https://github.com/Joystream/hydra) - A GraphQL framework for Substrate nodes.
- [Jupiter](https://github.com/patractlabs/jupiter) - Testnet for smart contracts written for the FRAME Contracts pallet and ink!.
- [Megaclite](https://github.com/patractlabs/megaclite) - Zero-knowledge tools for the Polkadot ecosystem.

> - [Nova Polkadot Utils](https://github.com/nova-wallet/nova-utils) - Contains static information (logos, Crowdloan descriptions, DApp URLs, XCM weights, etc) to support client apps in Polkadot ecosystem (e.g. Nova Wallet) to map it to the keys/ids from the network itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Nova Polkadot Utils](https://github.com/nova-wallet/nova-utils) - Contains static info & metadata to support client apps in Polkadot ecosystem to map it to various netowrks.
```
